heroku git:remote -a au01
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au02
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au03
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au04
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au05
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au06
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au07
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au08
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au09
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au10
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au11
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au12
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au13
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au14
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au15
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au16
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au17
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au18
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au19
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au20
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au21
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au22
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au23
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au24a
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au25
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au26
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au27
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au28
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au29
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au30
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au31
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au32
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au33
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au34
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au35
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au36
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au37
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au38
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au39
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au40
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au41
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au42
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a au43
git push heroku master
heroku git:remote -a audencesoundcheck
git push heroku master
